---
title: "QRC"
tags:
- quantum computing
---

# Description

[Reservoir computing - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reservoir_computing)

<font color=00FFFF>Reservoir computing</font> is a framework for computation derived from recurrent neural network theory that <font color=00BFFF>maps input signals into higher dimensional computational spaces through the dynamics of a fixed, non-linear system called a reservoir</font>. After the input signal is fed into the reservoir, which is treated as a "black box," <font color=00BFFF>a simple readout mechanism is trained to read the state of the reservoir and map it to the desired output</font>. The first key benefit of this framework is that training is performed only at the readout stage, as the reservoir dynamics are fixed. The second is that the computational power of naturally available systems, both classical and quantum mechanical, can be used to reduce the effective computational cost.

<font color=00FFFF>Quantum Reservoir Computing (QRC)</font> is a machine learning technique that combines the principles of quantum physics with those of Reservoir Computing (RC).

Reservoir Computing is a type of recurrent neural network that uses a fixed, randomly generated network of non-linear nodes, known as a reservoir, to process information. The input signals are fed into the reservoir, where they interact with each other and are transformed in a complex way. The output is then generated by applying a linear readout layer to the reservoir state.

<font color=00BFFF>In QRC, the reservoir is implemented using a quantum system, such as a quantum annealer or a quantum circuit. The input signals are encoded into the quantum states of the system, and the dynamics of the quantum system are used to process the input and generate the output.</font>

One advantage of QRC is that it can perform computations in a way that takes advantage of quantum effects, such as superposition and entanglement, which can be used to perform certain types of computations more efficiently than classical systems. QRC has been shown to be effective for a range of machine learning tasks, including speech recognition and image classification.

However, one challenge of QRC is that quantum systems are inherently noisy, which can affect the accuracy of the computations. Researchers are actively working on developing techniques to mitigate this noise and improve the performance of QRC.

Test